# What is DNS and how does it work?
### * DNS also know as the Domain Name system is essentially the phonebook of the internet. DNS is a naming database in which internet domain names are located and translated into IP addresses. The domain name system maps the name people use to locate a website to the IP address that a computer uses to locate a website. For example, a human readable domain name such as www.amazon.com translates to a machine-readable IP address such as 192.0.2.44.

# What is ICANN?
### * ICANN also known as The Internet Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers was formed in 1998 to keep the internet secure, stable, and interoperable. It is an internationally organized, nonprofit corporation that is responsible for maintain and coordinating the internet, mainly the Internet Protocol (IP) addresses and Domain Name System (DNS). For example, in the same way that there cannot be two same domain names it is not possible for there to be two IP addresses that are the same. ICANN helps co-coordinate how IP addresses are supplied to avoid repetition or clashes. ICANN is also a central repository for IP address from which ranges are supplied to registries who distribute them to network providers. ICANN is also responsible for developing policy on the internet’s unique identifiers. However, ICANN does not control content on the internet, does not deal with spam, and access to the internet.

# What is IP Address?
### * IP stands for “internet protocol” which is a set of rules that dictate how data should be delivered over the public network (internet). An IP address is the identifier that allows information to be sent between devices on a network: they contain local information which allow devices to be accessible for communication. The internet needs a way to differentiate between different computers, routers, websites, and an IP address proves a way of doing so. Like your home address an IP Address is a unique address that identifies a device on the internet or a local network. An IP address is a string of numbers separated by periods. IP addresses are expressed as a set of four numbers. For example, 154.234.5.65. Each number in the sent can range from 0 to 255. IP addresses are not random numbers, but instead are a mathematically produced and allocated by the internet assigned numbers authority. Any time someone registers a domain on the internet, they go through a domain name registrar who then pays a fee to the Corporation for Assigned Names and Numbers to register the domain.

# How do IP addresses work?
### * Internet protocol works in the same manner as a language, by communicating using set guidelines to pass along information. By using this protocol devices find, send, and exchange information with other connected devices. By “speaking the same language” any device in any location can talk to one another. Packets in most networks’ packets are the unit of communication and transmission. The rules of TCP/IP require information to be split into packets that contain both a segment of data to be transferred and the address where the data needs to be sent. Each IP packet contains both a header which is about 20 to 24 bytes long and data (variable length). The header includes the IP address of the source and destination, plus other information that helps rout the packet. The data is the actual content, for example a string of letters that is a part of an email.

# What is HTTPS?
### * HTTPS also known as Hypertext transfer protocol secure is the secure version of HTTP. The “S” in HTTPS stands for “Secure” meaning that all communications between your browser and the website are encrypted. HTTPS is used to protect and enables users to transmit sensitive data such as banking information, credit card numbers, etc. securely over the internet.
